index.md, before:

---
---

<img class="title" src="/docs/assets/images/wordmark.png" alt="MoloVol wordmark" height="72">

MoloVol is a free, cross-plattform, scientific software for volume and surface 
computations of single molecules and crystallographic unit cells. We aim to 
combine an intuitive and easy-to-use user interface with powerful computing 
algorithms. We want the software to serve a broad range of scientist by being 
easily accessible on all common platforms.

The software is being maintained and developed by Jasmin B. Maglic and Roy Lavendomme
and is available on Windows (7, 8, 10, 11), macOS, Linux (Ubuntu, Debian), and as a web application.

### Web Application

<div class="button link" markdown="1">
* <a class="buttons" 
    href="https://app.molovol.com">
    Visit Web App
  </a>
</div>

You can try out the software without installation directly through your browser.
Simply follow the link above.

### Download and Installation

{% include platforms.html %}

New features and changes in the current and all previous releases can be 
found in the [Changelog](https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

The source code of the current development build can be found in the 
[Github Repository](https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol).

The source code for each stable release can be found in the
[Releases Section](https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol/releases).

### Scientific Reference
MoloVol v1.0.0 features and algorithms are presented in detail in an 
[openly accessible scientific article](https://doi.org/10.1107/S1600576722004988) 
published in the *Journal of Applied Crystallography*.

Please use the following or an equivalent citation:

> Maglic, J.B. & Lavendomme, R. (2022). J. Appl. Cryst. 55, 1033-1044.\
> DOI: [10.1107/S1600576722004988](https://doi.org/10.1107/S1600576722004988)

### Getting Help
If you encounter a bug or have a request for a feature, you are more than welcome 
submit an issue to the project's [Issues](https://github.com/jmaglic/MoloVol/issues) page on GitHub.

### Development Team
The development is currently lead by Jasmin B. Maglic and Roy Lavendomme. 
You may reach us via email through [molovol@outlook.com](mailto:molovol@outlook.com)

### Calculation Showcase
MoloVol can calculate various types of surface areas and volumes of molecular systems and their
cavities. Notably, MoloVol can generate surface maps to visualize the calculation results in graphics
softwares such as [PyMOL](https://pymol.org/2/) or [ChimeraX](https://www.cgl.ucsf.edu/chimerax/).
Images below were rendered with [PyMOL Open-Source](https://github.com/schrodinger/pymol-open-source).

<img src="/docs/assets/images/MoloVol_outputs_tr.png" width="600" style="horizontal-align:middle">

Many types of molecular systems can be analyzed such as:

#### Closed and Open Cages (from Small to Giant)
  <img src="/docs/assets/images/C60_Sexc_tr.png" width="200">
  <img src="/docs/assets/images/M48L96_tr.png" width="200">

#### Macrocycles and Deep Cavitands
  <img src="/docs/assets/images/pillar_tr.png" width="200">
  <img src="/docs/assets/images/deep_cavitand_tr.png" width="260">

#### Crystalline Materials
  <img src="/docs/assets/images/IRMOF-10_tr.png" width="250">

#### And more...

Commit message:

Added news section and updated download links

index.md, after:

---
---

<img class="title" src="/docs/assets/images/wordmark.png" alt="MoloVol wordmark" height="72">

MoloVol is a free, cross-plattform, scientific software for volume and surface 
computations of single molecules and crystallographic unit cells. We aim to 
combine an intuitive and easy-to-use user interface with powerful computing 
algorithms. We want the software to serve a broad range of scientist by being 
easily accessible on all common platforms.

The software is being maintained and developed by Jasmin B. Maglic and Roy Lavendomme
and is available on Windows (7, 8, 10, 11), macOS, Linux (Ubuntu, Debian), and as a web application.

### News

We have released version 1.1.1 which introduces a small patch to increase the calculation
speed by around 50%. Other than that, this version is equivalent to the previous version,
so we encourage everyone to upgrade.

If you have previously experienced instability of the web app, its newest version fixes an
issue that led to crashed. With this new change the web app should be more reliable.

### Web Application

<div class="button link" markdown="1">
* <a class="buttons" 
    href="https://app.molovol.com">
    Visit Web App
  </a>
</div>

You can try out the software without installation directly through your browser.
Simply follow the link above.

### Download and Installation

{% include platforms.html %}

New features and changes in the current and all previous releases can be 
found in the [Changelog](https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

The source code of the current development build can be found in the 
[Github Repository](https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol).

The source code for each stable release can be found in the
[Releases Section](https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol/releases).

### Scientific Reference
MoloVol v1.0.0 features and algorithms are presented in detail in an 
[openly accessible scientific article](https://doi.org/10.1107/S1600576722004988) 
published in the *Journal of Applied Crystallography*.

Please use the following or an equivalent citation:

> Maglic, J.B. & Lavendomme, R. (2022). J. Appl. Cryst. 55, 1033-1044.\
> DOI: [10.1107/S1600576722004988](https://doi.org/10.1107/S1600576722004988)

### Getting Help
If you encounter a bug or have a request for a feature, you are more than welcome 
submit an issue to the project's [Issues](https://github.com/jmaglic/MoloVol/issues) page on GitHub.

### Development Team
The development is currently lead by Jasmin B. Maglic and Roy Lavendomme. 
You may reach us via email through [molovol@outlook.com](mailto:molovol@outlook.com)

### Calculation Showcase
MoloVol can calculate various types of surface areas and volumes of molecular systems and their
cavities. Notably, MoloVol can generate surface maps to visualize the calculation results in graphics
softwares such as [PyMOL](https://pymol.org/2/) or [ChimeraX](https://www.cgl.ucsf.edu/chimerax/).
Images below were rendered with [PyMOL Open-Source](https://github.com/schrodinger/pymol-open-source).

<img src="/docs/assets/images/MoloVol_outputs_tr.png" width="600" style="horizontal-align:middle">

Many types of molecular systems can be analyzed such as:

#### Closed and Open Cages (from Small to Giant)
  <img src="/docs/assets/images/C60_Sexc_tr.png" width="200">
  <img src="/docs/assets/images/M48L96_tr.png" width="200">

#### Macrocycles and Deep Cavitands
  <img src="/docs/assets/images/pillar_tr.png" width="200">
  <img src="/docs/assets/images/deep_cavitand_tr.png" width="260">

#### Crystalline Materials
  <img src="/docs/assets/images/IRMOF-10_tr.png" width="250">

#### And more...
