README.md, before:

# MoloVol<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65410083/99060370-3a6ab980-25a0-11eb-8f39-92e7af993223.png" width="250" ALIGN="right">

MoloVol is a free, cross-plattform, scientific software for volume and surface computations of single molecules and crystallographic unit cells.

## Utility
With the MoloVol software we aim to combine an intuitive and easy-to-use user interface with powerful computing algorithms. We want the software to serve a broad range of scientist by being easily accessible on all common platforms.

The MoloVol software, along with many of its features, is currently in pre-release. The software is being actively developed on Windows 10, macOS Big Sur, and Ubuntu.

## Getting Started

Dependencies:
- wxWidgets 3.1.5 (https://www.wxwidgets.org)

For detailed installation guides visit the MoloVol wiki (https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol/wiki).

## Getting Help
If you wish to report a bug or request a feature go to the project's GitHub:
https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol/issues

## Development Team
The development is currently lead by Jasmin B. Maglic and Roy Lavendomme. You may reach us via email through molovol@outlook.com

Commit message:

add section about web application

README.md, after:

# MoloVol<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/65410083/99060370-3a6ab980-25a0-11eb-8f39-92e7af993223.png" width="250" ALIGN="right">

MoloVol is a free, cross-platform, scientific software for volume and surface computations of single molecules and crystallographic unit cells.

## Utility
With the MoloVol software we aim to combine an intuitive and easy-to-use user interface with powerful computing algorithms. We want the software to serve a broad range of scientist by being easily accessible on all common platforms.

The MoloVol software, along with many of its features, is currently in pre-release. The software is being actively developed on Windows 10, macOS, Ubuntu and web.

## Installation

### For desktop application

Dependencies:
- wxWidgets 3.1.5 (https://www.wxwidgets.org)

For detailed installation guides visit the MoloVol wiki (https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol/wiki).

### Running the container for the web application
MoloVol also includes provides a REST-API with a web front-end built on-top of the desktop application.
Instead of using the desktop front-end, you can deploy it using docker or podman. 
To start the container use docker or podman on port 5001 `podman run -dt -p 5001:5000/tcp <image>`. The web front-end is then available at http://localhost:5001.
The default port is 5000. Internally flask is used as an interface to the CLI.


## Getting Help
If you wish to report a bug or request a feature go to the project's GitHub:
https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol/issues

## Development Team
The development is currently lead by Jasmin B. Maglic and Roy Lavendomme. You may reach us via email through molovol@outlook.com
