windows.md, before:

---
title: Windows download
filename: windows.md
---

#### Latest version for Windows – v1.1.1

<div class="button-row">
<a class="button download" 
  href="https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol/releases/download/v1.1.1/MoloVol_windows_v1.1.1.zip">
  Download Installer
</a>
</div>

{% include manualdownload.html %}

#### Changes since v1.0.0

{% include latestchanges.html %}

Previous versions can be downloaded in the [Releases Section](https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol/releases) 
of our GitHub page.

### Installation

The app is usable directly after download. The executable file along with all necessary resources are packed
together in a zip file. Simply extract the files in the desired installation location and make sure that 
MoloVol.exe and the "inputfile" folder stay in the same location. To run, simply execute MoloVol.exe.

Depending on the Windows version and the security settings, a security warning may appear because MoloVol 
does not have a registered certificat (they are costly). You may proceed safely (unless you obtained the 
program from another source than here).

Commit message:

Update download links for v1.2.0
Also added a new entry on the News page, referenced the new update on
the homepage, and increased the text size.

windows.md, after:

---
title: Windows download
filename: windows.md
---

#### Latest version for Windows – v1.2.0

<div class="button-row">
<a class="button download" 
  href="https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol/releases/download/v1.2.0.1/MoloVol_windows_v1.2.0.exe">
  Download Installer
</a>
</div>

{% include manualdownload.html %}

#### Changes since v1.0.0

{% include latestchanges.html %}

Previous versions can be downloaded in the [Releases Section](https://github.com/molovol/MoloVol/releases) 
of our GitHub page.

### Installation

The installer should lead you through the installation process. If you plan on using MoloVol through the
command line, we recommend to add it to the PATH during the setup.

Depending on the Windows version and the security settings, a security warning may appear because MoloVol 
does not have a registered certificate (they are expensive). You may proceed safely (unless you obtained the 
program from another source than here).

Previous versions were distributed as zip files. To install, simply extract the files in the desired 
installation location and make sure that 
MoloVol.exe and the "inputfile" folder stay in the same location. To run, simply execute MoloVol.exe.
